Add a new string comparison function `stringCompare` (#74070)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/string-functions.md

│ foo                        │
└────────────────────────────┘
```

> ## strncmp

Reviewer: Only a minority of ClickHouse users are C developers. Can you please give this function a speaking and human-readable name. Feel free to provide an additional function alias "strncmp".

EDIT: I am looking at MySQL, they have a function [STRCMP](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/string-comparison-functions.html#function_strcmp). Note that it does not have offsets or max_length parameters.

I think we should call the function `compare` and it should have the 1st and 2nd strings as mandatory arguments, followed by the 1st and 2nd offsets and the number of bytes to compare as optional parameters.

Compare two strings.

**Syntax**
```sql
strncmp(a_str, a_offset, b_str, b_offset, n);
```

**Arguments**

> - `a_str` — The string to be compared.
> - `a_offset` — Compare `a_str` from offset `a_offset`
> - `b_str` — The other string to be compared.
> - `b_offset` — Compare `b_str` from offset `b_offset`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `a_str` — The first string to compare.
- `a_offset` — The starting position (zero-based index) in `a_str` from which the comparison begins.
- `b_str` — The second string to compare.
- `b_offset` — The starting position (zero-based index) in `b_str` from which the comparison begins.
```

> - `n` — The number of bytes to compare in both strings, starting from their respective offsets.

Reviewer: For the arguments (l. 2545ff), we'll need to document/mention also their allowed datatypes.

**Returned value**

> - -1 — If `a_str`[`a_offset`: `a_offset` + `n`] < `b_str`[`b_offset`:`b_offset` + `n`].

Reviewer: Somewhere, we'll need to specify what should happen if
- an offset is bigger than the length of an input string,
- `n` exceeds the end of the input string (starting from the offset)

- `str2` - Required, string. One of the strings to be compared.
- `str1_off` — Optional, positive number. The starting position (zero-based index) in `str1` from which the comparison begins.
- `str2_off` — Optional, positive number. The starting position (zero-based index) in `str2` from which the comparison begins.
- `n` — The number of bytes to compare in both strings, starting from their respective offsets. `str_off` + `n` could be larger then the length of string, we will align it to the end of the string.

**Returned value**
- -1 — If `str1`[`str1_off`: `str1_off` + `n`] < `str2`[`str2_off`:`str2_off` + `n`] and `str1_off` < len(`str1`) and `str2_off` < len(`str2`).
If `str1_off` >= len(`str1`) and `str2_off` < len(`str2`).
- 0 — If `str1`[`str1_off`: `str1_off` + `n`] = `str2`[`str2_off`:`str2_off` + `n`] and `str1_off` < len(`str1`) and `str2_off` < len(`str2`).
If `str1_off` >= len(`str1`) and `str2_off` >= len(`str2`).
- 1 — If `str1`[`str1_off`: `str1_off` + `n`] > `str2`[`str2_off`:`str2_off` + `n`] and `str1_off` < len(`str1`) and `str2_off` < len(`str2`).
If `str1_off` < len(`str1`) and `str2_off` >= len(`str2`).

**Example**
```sql
SELECT

>     stringCompare('123', '123', 0, 0, 3),

Reviewer: We should use an English language example here.

Also, it would be cool to show an example with the two argument version and one example with the five argument version.

>     stringCompare('124', '123', 0, 0, 3),

Reviewer: (minor: could use `AS result` to shorten the column headers in l. 2578.

│ foo                        │
└────────────────────────────┘
```
## stringCompare

Compare two strings lexicographically.

**Syntax**

```sql

> stringComare(string1, string2[, str1_off, string2_offset, num_bytes]);

Reviewer: `Comare` --> `Compare`.

Reviewer: `str1_off` --> `string2_offset`

```

**Arguments**

- `string1` — The first string to compare. [String](../data-types/string.md)
- `string2` - The second string to compare.[String](../data-types/string.md)

> - `string1_offset` — The position (zero-based) in `string1` from which the comparison starts. Optional, positive number.

Reviewer: `positive number` --> `[UInt*](../data-types/int-uint.md)`

- `string2_offset` — The position (zero-based index) in `string2` from which the comparison starts. Optional, positive number.
- `num_bytes` — The maximum number of bytes to compare in both strings. If `string_offset` + `num_bytes` exceeds the end of an input string, `num_bytes` will be reduced accordingly.

**Returned value**

> - -1 — If `string1`[`string1_offset`: `string1_offset` + `num_bytes`] < `string2`[`string2_offset`:`string2_offset` + `num_bytes`] and `string1_offset` < len(`string1`) and `string2_offset` < len(`string2`).

Reviewer: `len` --> `length`

> If `string1_offset` >= len(`string1`) and `string2_offset` < len(`string2`).

Reviewer: The sentences in l. 2563, 2564 and 2567 start with "If" but they lack a "then" part. Their meaning is not really clear.

- 0 — If `string1`[`string1_offset`: `string1_offset` + `num_bytes`] = `string2`[`string2_offset`:`string2_offset` + `num_bytes`] and `string1_offset` < len(`string1`) and `string2_offset` < len(`string2`).
If `string1_offset` >= len(`string1`) and `string2_offset` >= len(`string2`).
- 1 — If `string1`[`string1_offset`: `string1_offset` + `num_bytes`] > `string2`[`string2_offset`:`string2_offset` + `num_bytes`] and `string1_offset` < len(`string1`) and `string2_offset` < len(`string2`).
If `string1_offset` < len(`string1`) and `string2_offset` >= len(`string2`).

**Example**

```sql
SELECT

>     stringCompare('alice', 'bob', 0, 0, 3) as result1,

Reviewer: Offsets `0` are the default anyways and thus kind of "pointless". Let's use anything else but 0 as offset.

    stringCompare('alice', 'alicia', 0, 0, 3) as result2,
    stringCompare('bob', 'alice', 0, 0, 3) as result3
```
Result:
```result
   ┌─result1─┬─result2─┬─result3─┐
1. │      -1 │       0 │       1 │
   └─────────┴─────────┴─────────┘
```

> ```sql

Reviewer: Let's order the simpler of the examples (this one) before the more complicated one.

SELECT

>     stringCompare('alice', 'alicia') as result2,

Reviewer: Why is `result2` listed before `result1`?
